https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-20715 (#7975)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: gitops/gitops_service_account_argo_cd.adoc

<3> An optional name to create the `ClusterRoleBinding` field instead of using the default `ClusterPermission` name. 
<4> Refers to an existing `ClusterRole` on the managed cluster. 

[#creating-cluster-permission-reference]
== Creating a cluster permission resource to reference subjects 

> If you create a `ClusterPermission` resource to reference different subjects, you can simultaneously work with different subjects instead of only working on one subject at a time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create a `ClusterPermission` resource to reference different subjects, you can work with different subjects at the same time instead of only working on one subject at a time. 
```

Small suggestion to simplify
